There has just been a self-retweeting tweet on Twitter.
And this should not happen. I mean, this is the most basic one of cyber security.
If you don't know this yet, you should not design a commercial website.
However, it appeared,
The fans of the 10.1 million BBC mega news just saw a little red love.
So how does it work?
The web page is built using HTML.
HTML is a tag-based language.
So if I write this in the source code,
Then write this at the end,
Then everything between these two "tags" will be bold.
B means Bold (bold).
I am oversimplifying this mechanism, but this is almost the basic principle.
In addition to the B tag, the I tag is italics.
There are other complex labels for design and layout.
There is also a special tag called Script.
Script is a special tag. What it means is that no text on this side should be displayed to the user.
This is not the text to display.
This is not a picture. This is the program language code.
This is the code that your web browser - Firefox, Chrome, IE - should run.
But there is a very important rule,
This is a way to prevent cross-site scripting attacks.
If you have a text box,
Even if it is something like a search box,
You are absolutely, absolutely, absolutely not
Throw the things in the text box back and forth.
Because, for example, I can enter the B tag in Google's search box.
Then I didn't close this tag,
In the worst case, Google throws these things back and forth.
Then suddenly after "you searched for Hello" -
That B tag is not displayed, just indicates
"Let the text bold" and the text will be bold.
So the second half of the entire page was thickened, which ruined the page.
The really dangerous thing is that I can type in this text box:
Script.
Because if you don't set the filter
Just put the text I typed in the text box,
For example, the text in the tweet,
If you throw it back as it is, the label will appear on the web page.
And will be run.
just now……
This is twitter.com
This is what you see on the website.
This is the right approach.
They transcoded these angle brackets.
There is some code behind this, which means
"This is a sharp bracket, not a code."
This is the right approach.
This is the code for the vulnerability.
TweetDeck...
... forgot to check these contents.
I mean, this is too basic. This is the most basic thing about cyber security.
That filter is absolutely, absolutely, absolutely, absolutely can't be turned off.
But it was turned off.
So this text will be executed as code.
So let's take a look and see.
This is a script tag.
This tag indicates everything inside, including the tag itself,
It is not displayed on the page, but is executed as code.
It also has a "class" called "xss" that will be used in a moment.
The first instruction.
Dollar sign. This symbol represents jQuery.
jQuery is a development that makes development easy
JavaScript plugin.
Here is the beginning of this instruction, indicating
"Find everything on the page that has the xss class."
This is the script tag,
right here.
Basically, "Find me. Find myself. Find this code."
Ok.
Then the next piece of code, meaning
"Find the upper element. Find everything that contains this code."
This directive will give an ordered list in jQuery.
Each item is a layer of "container."
So, first of all, the paragraph containing the label,
Then this is the box, right here.
This is very important. It’s here.
Then the entire tweet, the entire tweet list,
The bigger piece on the page, the bigger piece, and the end is the entire page.
It doesn't matter, it just gives a sorted list.
This paragraph: "Find the second item in this list."
The computer counts from zero, so 1 is the second item.
zero one.
Ok? The second item is this block.
Ok? Next step.
"Find all the A tags in this block."
A tag is a hyperlink, something you can order.
We can do this. They are here.
This is the first one, this is the second, the third, the fourth. There are more below.
This is a list of A tags (hyperlinks).
Next, find the second item.
The second item, look, is the retweet button.
Hey! click it.
This is equivalent to the user clicking the retweet button. Not finished yet:
New instructions.
Because the retweet button does not retweet immediately, a dialog box pops up.
The content is "Are you sure you want to retweet?"
Dollar sign, "Find me."
"data-action".
So it’s "find something that has data: 'reverse' action",
This is the button.
Hey! This button is here.
Point him.
Hey! The retweet is complete and everyone has seen it.
Again, this only happens on the TweetDeck where the filter is turned off.
That filter is absolutely, absolutely, absolutely, and can never be turned off.
We still have a place to write something.
This is an interesting part. I mean, Andy, doing a good job.
If this is your real name. I guess your account won't live too long.
We still have time to write the third instruction.
We still have space.
Alert (popup dialog). Is popping up an annoying dialog box,
His content here is
"Cross-site scripting attack (XSS)" - this is the attack -
"...in the TweetDeck."
Andy is here to tell you clearly what he did,
Just like what he just did.
Then, just a little bit friendly,
He closed the script tag because he still has a place,
Also very polite, just affecting a tweet,
Then just seem to have a little love,
A love.
Because they still have a space for words, when the tweet is sent out,
All victims
I won't see these messy codes.
They just saw this little red love.
Finished.
This is how he works.
Less than 140 words of code,
And a negligent TweetDeck programmer.
This is all the conditions we need to see the self-reversed tweets.
And this is a remarkable damage
Incredibly becoming a world communication
An important part.
It’s worrying, isn’t it?
(Translation: User670)